1-    You open your eyes to a smoky room. As your eyes wander up you see tall dirt walls and the moon's shine bursting through the crevice. You realize that you are in a ditch with only two doors to exit one on your right and one directly in front of you.-You see an exit leading South.    -None  -A17   -N/A   -N/A   -R2
2-    You see iron forged shackles and chains attached to the walls of what appears to be a Prison Cell. There are cracks on the far side of the wall behind the long scroll painting...-You see an exit leading East. -M8, M9    -A9    -N/A   -P8    -R1, R3
3-    You see a large corridor with several gargoyles around the room. You also see a crest in the middle of the ground. There are 4 doors around you not including the one you just came in from.-You see two exits to the North (Northeast and Northwest), one to the West, one to the South, and one to the East. -M6, M8, M9    -A28 (once all keys have been obtained and all other puzzles have been solved) -N/A   -N/A   -R1, R2, R7, R10, R11, R14, R16, R24
4 -For some reason there appears to be a cross on the wall. There is a tapestry covering the wall. The room is split in the middle with seats you can kneel on both sides. Not sure why there is a chapel down here. Looking at the tapestry again, the colors seem to shift...-You see an exit to the South. -M6, M7    -A20   -N/A   -P5    -SR1, R8
7 -As you enter you notice the temperature dropped and is on the cooler side now. There are barrels stacked on top of one another scattered across the room. Looks like someone found the wine cellar and had a party for themselves.-You see exits to the East and South.  -M5, M6, M7    -A11   -N/A   -N/A   -R3, R8
8 -You push a large granite door to get in this room. This small room has almost no furniture. Decorated with large bones, broken stone, and dead vermin all around. The pentagram on the floor covered in blood makes the room seem more like a sacrificial chamber.-you see an exit to the East.  -M4    -A29   -To R3 -N/A   -R4, R7
9 -As you enter this strangely tiny room, you are surrounded by bookcases that are strangely arranged. Only one bookcase is covering the wall, and there are a series of 5 levers off in a corner...-You see an exit leading West.-    M5, M9 -A8, A15   -N/A   -P2    -R8, R11, SR2, SR3
10    -When you enter this room you see that it is rather small. It only has has one chair with several spikes on the seat and the back of the chair. You also see the remains of a fire under the seat. You also spot heavy bags of sand in the corner of the room. This chair doesn't look very comfortable at all.-You see an exit leading South.    -M6, M7, M8    -A7, A16   -N/A   -N/A   -R3, R11
11    -Chamberpots and latrines, soaps and herbs, tattered rags and cleaning brushes: no doubt about it, this place is naught but a bathroom. It actually smells a lot nicer than any room you've been in so far. You sniff the air again, deeply. Is that...lemon? There are two friendly skeletons in this room...-You see an exit leading West. -M8, M9    -A4, A7    -N/A   -P4    -R3, R10
12    -The room around you is full of beds and small chests; clusters of individual living quarters are sectioned off by small curtains with 3 or 4 beds to each. The decorum is markedly spartan: some tables, a dresser or two, the aforementioned beds and their accompanying chests; all of the contents of this room are here to serve a purpose, with no space wasted on personal flair or aesthetic appeal. The disciplined modesty of the place tells you that this was a barracks. Foot-soldiers would have bunked here, perhaps mercenaries or a private militia -- you can't be sure. What you can be sure of, however, is that no one sleeps here anymore, and that no one has slept here for untold millenia. The Ghost provides mercantile services in this room.-You see exits to the South and West.  -None  -A33 (x50), A-19 -N/A  -N/A   -R13, R15
13    -The room is sparse; the only things here are racks for various weapons along with a couple of mannequins for storing and displaying armor. Obviously, this place was meant to house weapons and equipment for an armed force of at least a few dozen men. Most of the racks are barren, and what paltry little remains are rusted through in most places. What ancient conflict, what long-forgotten danger would have necessitated a standing armament of such a size? The question loses its battle with your other thoughts as you continue your journey.-You see exits leading North, South, and East. -M6, M7    -A10, A21  -N/A   -N/A   -R3, R12, R14
14    -Heaving sacks of dessicated grain surround what looks to be milling equipment, though the design of it all is very strange. A large stone mill for grinding wheat into flour sits in a corner, with what seems to be some sort of conveyor belt leading to what you can only describe as furnaces. For baking bread, perhaps? Various seeds and chaff have been discarded in a heap at the other side of the room, ruin and insects and time having long wreaked their various havocs on their forms, such that you cannot accurately discern any one specific plant or seed from the lot.-You see exits to the North, West, and South.  -M8, M9    -A4(x2), A16   -N/A   -N/A   -R3, R13, R15
15    -You stand in a large, open room. The walls are lined with cages upon cages; bags of seed sit slumped in the far corners, with large troughs of dirt taking up the center of the room. The cages are all eerily empty, save for the filth and rust clinging to the bars. Old, faded feathers, dried feces and blood, grains, and seeds are scattered about the floor. You can see now that the dirt in the troughs has what looks to be small trails winding through it, with small holes randomly dotting the surface. Were these caused by worms?  It becomes apparent to you that this place is, or at least, was, an aviary. Birds would have been kept here, though for what purpose is not clear.-You see exits leading North and West. -M4, M7, M9    -A5, A30   -To R3 -N/A   -R12, R14
16    -Along one wall, tattered and frayed curtains hang from their railings, neatly tucked betwixt rows of beds. Along the other, there are various medical and pharmaceutical paraphernalia: books describing myriad ailments and their treatments, general anodynes and curatives, herbal teas and dietary guidelines, along with some more esoteric entries you don't quite understand. Of particular note are the bloodied tools lying everywhere, with bandages, saws, syringes, flasks, hammers, and other instruments you don't recognize littering the floors. Was this some sort of clinic, or a lab for some inhumane experimentation?-You see exits leading West and South. -M3, M5. M6, M7-   A7(x3), A8, A26    -N/A   -N/A   -R3, R17
17    -The stench in here is almost unbearable! There are large, granite slabs laid out throughout the room and blood trailing in from the room to the north. On the western wall, large metal drawers are arranged in rows and columns, each large enough for an adult to fit in. A large furnace sits to the east of the room, brimming with ashes and bone fragments. Filthy though it may be, you recognize this macabre scene as some sort of morgue.-You see exits leading North and South.    -M6, M7    -A4, A18   -N/A   -N/A   -R16, R18
18    -A massive altar sits in the center of this room, with arcane flames erupting from its center. Clay pots and plates lie along the walls, with offerings of gold, laurels, food, and other valuables seemingly laid in offering to some deific figure. Occult symbols are scrawled about, and the same blood trail from the last two rooms leads up to the altar as well. What transpired here?-You see exits leading North and South.    -M2    -A4, A5, A6, A3(x2), A33(x200) -N/A   -N/A   -R17, R19
19    -Some great construct of impossible geometric make sits before you, centripetal rings all spinning about some central, glowing mass. You feel almost compelled to reach out for the central light, and yet some instinctual fear pleads with you to leave the room immediately.-You see an exit leading North.    -M1    -N/A   -N/A   -N/A   -R18
20    -Upon entering the room, you begin sweating profusely. The room feels like it's on fire but you see no flames. There is a table and to the left and a bed to right. Next to the bed is a drawer with two doors.-You see an exit leading East. -M3, M4, M6    -A12, A31  -To R3 -N/A   -R21, R22
21    -Sauna: You enter the sauna and think to yourself ahhh that feels nice as the warm, and humid air hit your face. The steamy room makes it hard to see. (-10 acc)-You can barely make out exits to the North and East.  -M3, M6    -N/A   -N/A   -N/A   -R20, R24
22    -Observatory: The room includes a HUUUUUGE telescope. The stars sure do look purtty.-You see exits leading East and West.  -N/A   -N/A   -N/A   -N/A   -R20, R23
23    -Library: The library has many books organised by genre then name. It has a huge astronomy and maze section. You notice a book askew on one of the shelves...-You see exits leading North and West.-    M4, M5 -N/A   -N/A   -P6    -R22, R24, SR4
24    -As you head down the stairs, you see a huge dining hall. There are six tables with a variety of dinner plates, utensils, and condiments.-You see three exits to the North (Northwest, straight North, Northeast), two exits to the South (Southeast and Southwest), and one exit leading East. -M5, M7    -A1, A2, A3, A5, A6    -N/A   -N/A   -R21, R23, R25, R26, R27, SR6, SR7
25    -Pond: Weird. Why is there a pond inside this place? Oh well. As you go towards the pond in the center lily pads leading underwater to a part of the wall which looks like it can open.-You see exits leading East and South. -M9 w/ Armor (-15 damage received) -A1, A2, A6    -N/A   -P3    -R24, R26, SR5
26    -Garden: This room seems to be a huge garden filled with greenery of all kinds.  But what can be eaten? You see watermelon plants and apple trees as well as many other plants that look a bit dangerous so you decide to avoid them.-You see two exits leading North (Northeast and Northwest).    -M6, M7, M8    -A5, A6    -N/A   -N/A   -R24, R25
27    -Shower Room: The room has showers lined across the wall. Theres is soap all over the floor but you prefer to not pick those up. Except one peice of soap looks different from the rest.-You see exits to the North and to the West.   -M4    -A32   -To R3 -N/A   -R24, SR6
28    -Looks like a secret room a prisoner made trying to escape. Poor thing, didn't realize that there is only one way out.-You see exits to the North and South. -M8    -A25   -N/A   -N/A   -R2, R4
29    -As you enter you see two armed guard statues on both sides of the door at every door. The walls are filled with paintings of people you don't recognize. The paintings mainly depict a large man or his feline friend.  The room is also filled with ceramic vases and weapons.-You see exits to the East and South.  -None  -A33(x100) -N/A   -N/A   -R9, R11, SR3
30    -When you enter this room you see many paintings of a woman that is decoratively dressed with her dog that looks like its nose has been pushed in its face. Really makes you wonder what this room was used for.-You see two exits leading North (Northwest and Northeast).    -None  -A33(x60)  -N/A   -N/A   -R9, R11, SR2
31    -Adult room: This is the room at the back of bookstores that you'd find in the back of a bookstore meant for adults 18+. No Children Allowed. If you're looking for booty you found the right room.  You notice a VERY big chest in the middle of the room.-You see an entrance to the rear ;) Just kidding--you see only an exit to the West.-   None   -A13   -N/A   -N/A   -R23
32    -UnderWater Secret Room: You found a room fill with water!! Fishies swimming all around you but you aren't drowning. In front of you there is a chest.-You see an airlock to the South.  -None  -A22   -N/A   -N/A   -R25
33    -Janitors Closet: A small room filled with mops, brooms, buckets, and many other cleaning supplies. There also seems to be a chest in the middle of the room.-You see an exit to the North with a scantily clad pinup girl on the door. -None  -A23   -N/A   -P7    -R24, R27
34    -McWhite McCastle: A truly supreme White Castle, home to the Supreme McDonalds Overlords. They may give you a blessing (if their ice cream machine is working).-You see an exit to the South. -None  -A14   -N/A   -P1    -R24
